Pm 2.0 ga2 kim edits (#66)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/message-flows.adoc

> = Message Flows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Message Flow Definition and Requirements
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> To receive messages from a trading partner, create a message flow and configure the sections for the source, map, and target.

Reviewer: Suggested refocus to accommodate a more useful title:

A _message flow_ is a communication vehicle between your organization (the _host_) and an enterprise or customer with whom your organization conducts trade (your _partner_). 

When you create a message flow, you configure three sections:

* Source
   Origin of the message flow, defined by the partner, host receiving endpoint (typically an API), and partner message type
* Map
   Transforms received message contents into a format you can use
* Target
   Destination of the message flow, defined by a host message type and endpoint (typically a host API)

Reviewer: The next few lines, up to requirements, are copyedited only, in case you do not adopt suggested rewording.

> Your organization is typically referred to as the host. The enterprise or customer you interact with is referred to as your partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your organization is typically referred to as the _host_. The enterprise or customer you interact with is referred to as your _partner._
```

> The source of the message flow is defined by the partner, a receiving endpoint at the host, often an API, and the message type you are receiving from the partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source of the message flow is defined by the partner; a receiving endpoint at the host, often an API; and the message type you receive from the partner.
```

> The target is the final destination of a message flow and is defined by a host message type and endpoint, often a Host API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target is the final destination of a message flow and is defined by a host message type and endpoint, often a host API.
```

Reviewer: Is this "host" API the same API as in the source definition; should that definition include the word "host" too?

> You'll need the following for the Source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the source section of the message flow, you need the following information:
```

> * The partner's name and associated identifiers (such as X12-ISA, X12 GS, and so on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The partner's name and associated identifiers (such as X12-ISA, X12 GS, and so on)
```

> * The endpoint where you receive transmissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The endpoint where you, as host, receive transmissions
```

* The message type to process for this message flow (such as X12, 4010, 850, and so on).

> * The endpoint where your partner may want to receive an acknowledgment related to the messages they send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The endpoint where your partner might want to receive acknowledgment of messages they send
```

> * The DataWeave map that transforms the received message contents into a format you can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A DataWeave map to transform the received message contents into a format you can use
```

> You'll need the following for the Target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the target section of the message flow, you need the following information:
```

> * The message type your system understands. This is also the format into which DataWeave map transforms received messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The message type your system understands. 
This is also the format into which the DataWeave map transforms received messages.
```

> * The endpoint in your organization where you route the transformed message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The endpoint in your organization to which you route a transformed message
```

> If a separate URL is required for returning MDNs, it is sent in the AS2 transmission and Anypoint Partner Manager reads it from there.

Reviewer: Is this related to the previous bullet point, and is it part of what YOU are required to configure or is it outside of these requirements lists?
